Contributing and Developer Guide (#74)
grafana/github-datasource: docs/developer-guide.md

# Developer Guide

This is a very basic guide on how to set up your local environment, make the desired changes and see the result with a fresh Grafana Installation.

## Getting Started
Clone this repository into your local environment. The code lives in the `src` folder, alongside the [plugin.json file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/plugins/metadata/). See [this grafana tutorial](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/plugins/) to understand better how a plugin is structured and installed.

## Requirements

For this standard execution, you will need the following tools:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

> ## Running the development version
> 
> After you made the desired changes, you can build and test the new version of the plugin using `yarn`:
> 
> ```sh
> $ yarn test # run all test cases
> $ yarn dev # builds and puts the output at ./dist
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Running the development version

### Compiling the Backend
If you have made any changes to any `go` files, you can use [mage](https://github.com/magefile/mage) to recompile the plugin.

```sh
mage build:linux && mage reloadPlugin
```

### Compiling the Frontend
After you made the desired changes, you can build and test the new version of the plugin using `yarn`:

```sh
yarn test # run all test cases
yarn dev # builds and puts the output at ./dist
```

Alternatively, you can have yarn watch for changes and automatically recompile them.

```sh
yarn watch
```
````

Now that you have a `./dist` folder, you are ready to run a fresh Grafana instance and put the new version of the datasource into [Grafana plugin folder](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/plugins/installation/).

> 
> We provide a [Docker Compose file](/docker-compose.yml) to help you to get started. When you call up `docker-compose up` inside the project folder, it will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker Compose
We provide a [Docker Compose file](/docker-compose.yml) to help you to get started. When you call up `docker-compose up` inside the project folder, it will:
```
